* The first step I took was creating a basic index.html file with the basic html format. After that I typed "git checkout -b feature/header" in the terminal which created the branch "feature/header" and it placed me inside it as well. From there I made my changes inside the index.html file. I used "git add ." to stage the file and then "git commit -m" with a message stating what I did which was creating a feature/header branch. (Note: as a short cut you can always use command "git commit -a -m (insert message)). I followed the same steps to create the "feature/footer" branch while I was currently in the main/master branch. From the main/master branch I typed the command "git merge feature/footer" which took the added details I made in that branch and fused it with the main branch. Following that I did "git merge feature/header" which did the same to get the details from that branch unto the main/master branch.
* After merging the second branch a conflict was shown on the screen. That conflict had the changes I was currently in which had the main/master branch with the details of the "feature/footer" as well. The options available were to accept the current change, accept the incoming change or accept both changes. The incoming changes would've been the details of the main/master branch and the "feature/header" branch details only. I made the mistake at first which was accept current changes which did not add the "feature/header" details. In order to fix that I used the command "git merge --abort". That brought me back to my previous selection. After that, I did a "git merge feature/header" again and accepted both changes in order to have the work of both branches on my main/master branch.